TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[owl hooting]
[flames crackling]
‐ Lord Konton.
‐ Hmm.
‐ It is I, Nikosen.
‐ I've heard that you
mastered a human craft
before you became an apparition.
Is that true?
‐ It is.
‐ Then you will perform
a dance for me.
‐ A dance?
‐ There's a group of half‐demons
who are in possession
of the Rainbow Pearls.
‐ Half‐demons?
It is my understanding
that they were offspring
born from pairings
between humans and demons.
‐ How utterly distasteful.
‐ So some mere half‐demons
have the Rainbow Pearls?
‐ Indeed.
Distasteful!
‐ I see.
So you think that I, Nikosen,
being both demon and human,
am best suited to the task
of disposing of them.
As you say, I shall dance
brilliantly for you.
‐ I hope you put on
an excellent show.
[laughs]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Night of the New Moon
and the Black‐haired Towa."
[birds chirping]
SETSUNA:
There's another request?
‐ That's right.
Apparently a demon named Nikosen
dried up an entire mountain,
so the nearby villagers
are pretty frightened.
Think you can take care of it,
Setsuna?
‐ There's no way
we can ignore the villagers
if they need our help.
Right, Setsuna?
‐ [groans]
‐ I'll send Hisui to team up
with you later as well.
‐ If that's your order, Chief,
then I have no objections.
‐ [chuckles] Eh?
‐ [meows]
‐ Don't worry.
We'll all go together, Kirara.
[ominous music playing]
‐ [laughs]
I have taken
more than enough nutrients
from the mountain and trees.
Now I just have to wait for
those half‐demons to arrive.
SETSUNA: It's that mountain.
TOWA: All the plants
have dried up
in a really strange way.
And the soil's a weird color.
‐ Down there. Look.
I see someone.
‐ Huh? Down where?
‐ I see. This is poison,
but not poison
from an apparition.
Looks like the nutrients
have been drained from it.
‐ As you can no doubt see,
all of the trees are barren.
‐ Yeah. This is pretty horrible.
Do you have any idea
who could have done this?
‐ I think it must have been
destroyed by a demon's poison.
‐ It's definitely
the work of Nikosen.
‐ Eh?
Alright! Looks like I'm
gonna score big this time.
‐ TOWA: Hey!
‐ Eh?
TOWA: Moroha!
‐ Why are you two here?
‐ So are you here
to stop Nikosen, too?
‐ [gasps] How'd you know that?
‐ We have orders to slay it.
‐ Aw, man. Don't tell me
we're gonna have to split
the bounty again.
[footsteps shuffling]
TOWA: The plants
look more withered
the higher we climb.
‐ And from the smell of things,
the soil at the top
of the mountain is rotten.
‐ Yeah.
‐ I heard that Nikosen used
to be a sage a long time ago,
but wicked thoughts
made him stray from his path
until he finally
turned into an apparition.
Keep your guard up.
The smell of rotting soil
is getting stronger now.
‐ Stating the obvious
is completely unnecessary.
‐ Wait. Is something off?
‐ There's demon energy.
You can't feel it?
‐ [sighs]
Yeah, I don't sense anything.
‐ [gasps]
[sighs]
[heart beating]
Her heartbeat
is unusually fast.
Even with this hill's incline,
she shouldn't be out of breath.
[gasps]
[Nikosen laughs]
I've been lying in wait for you,
half‐demons.
‐ So there you are, Nikosen!
‐ We'll slay you!
‐ [yells]
What the...
[grunting]
No way! But why?
‐ Just stay back, Towa!
‐ You half‐demons are impudent
to think you should possess
the Rainbow Pearls!
‐ [both grunt]
‐ [Towa gasps]
‐ This is bad.
That's sage venom.
If you guys inhale this,
it'll cause some real damage!
‐ Towa, use this!
‐ [groans]
‐ [gasps]
SETSUNA: Towa.
‐ [growls]
‐ I got this.
‐ Thanks.
‐ [growls]
‐ [yells]
[groans] It won't cut!
‐ You fool!
Such a dull sword
will not work on me.
‐ [exhales]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [panting]
‐ Are you alright?
‐ Sorry.
All I'm doing is getting
in your way, aren't I?
‐ The smell of the blood
flowing in her veins
is beginning to change.
I don't understand.
What's wrong
with you today, Towa?
[running footsteps]
‐ Hey!
Setsuna, can I borrow
one of those protective masks
of yours?
I can't use Kurikaramaru right
when I'm one‐handed.
I don't have more.
‐ Eh?
‐ Just use mine.
Uh, are you sure?
If it's poison mist‐‐
‐ Don't worry about me.
‐ [grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
Thanks for waiting!
Now that I don't have
to worry about your sage venom,
let's find out
if this Kurikaramaru
really is as dull as you say!
‐ [scoffs] Try if you like,
but you'll fail every time.
‐ [yells]
‐ [groans]
‐ I did it!
That bounty of yours is mine!
What the...
‐ [laughs]
You're not getting my head.
‐ Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
Alright! This time, I got you!
‐ [laughs]
‐ What? Come on!
‐ [laughter fades]
‐ Tcch! He got away.
[gasps]
‐ Keep watch over Towa for me!
I've got this one!
‐ Alright. Leave it to me!
[ropes creaking]
Hang in there.
Once we cross this bridge
and go down the hill,
we'll reach the nearby village.
Almost there.
You can do this.
‐ [coughs]
‐ This doesn't make sense.
We repelled Nikosen, so why
is the sage venom lingering?
[Nikosen laughs]
That's because...
I'm still
very much alive and well.
‐ [gasps]
No way.
‐ Now it's time you gave me
that Gold Pearl of yours.
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ Curse you!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [laughter fades]
‐ What? An illusion?
But that must mean
Nikosen's core
has been his torso
the entire time.
Sorry, Kirara,
but we have to hurry.
[bridge rattling]
‐ Would you look at that?
So you grew yourself
a new head, huh?
‐ [laughs] Surprised?
‐ Actually, your head's
kind of like an endless bounty
if you really think about it.
And by that logic,
if I can manage to catch you,
I can keep
collecting that bounty
over and over again
as much as I want!
Meaning I would
be able to pay back
the huge debt that I owe
in no time at all!
‐ What are you talking about?
‐ Nikosen,
I'll cut you a good deal,
so let's work together, OK?
‐ Stop spouting nonsense.
‐ Stop complaining!
Your head‐regenerating body
is the real nonsense,
you weirdo!
‐ Shut up, you fool!
‐ [gasping]
Huh? [gasps]
Towa, what happened
to your hair?
Bastard! What the hell
did you do to her?!
‐ How should I know?
[growls]
[gasps]
[screaming]
Well, now...
isn't that fascinating?
‐ Please, Kirara,
we have to hurry.
[gasps]
Hiraikotsu?
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Hisui and the Chief.
[Moroha grunting]
‐ [panting]
‐ What is going on
with you, Towa?
The length and color of her hair
have both changed,
and I sense no demon energy.
It's almost as if she's
only a human or something.
Hmm.
Wait! I know!
In situations like these...
Here it is.
Hey, Grandpa Myoga,
are you out there?!
I was just thinking
that I should put on my rouge.
‐ ♪ Drifting and drifting
and drifting and‐‐ ♪
‐ Oh, hey! There you are.
‐ Did I hear you say
that you'll be using
your rouge, Lady Moroha?
‐ Whoo‐hoo!
‐ [groans]
‐ [slurps]
[groans]
Oh, looks like
you haven't done it yet.
‐ Before that,
there's a question
that I need you
to answer for me if you can.
‐ [Towa moans]
‐ Eh?
Looks like you're finally awake.
‐ Where am I? What happened?
‐ [yelps] Oh. Oh, my goodness!
Lady Towa, that black hair...
I see.
There's no mistaking it.
You're experiencing
the New Moon.
‐ The New Moon?
‐ That's correct.
It's a phase
when the demon power
that flows through your blood
is temporarily lost.
Its timing is different,
depending on the half‐demon.
There are half‐demons,
like Naraku,
who have the power
to decide on their own,
and then there are
those like you,
who become entirely human
during those dark nights
when no moon hangs in the sky.
‐ I don't understand.
This never happened
in the other world.
It's the first time
I've ever experienced
something like this.
‐ Hmm.
If I were to guess,
it may have something to do
with the fact that you were
originally from this world.
‐ I grew up in this world,
and I never
had to go through this.
‐ Let's see. I can't say much,
since there are few precedents,
but perhaps, as a quarter‐demon,
Lady Moroha does not experience
the effects of the New Moon.
‐ And Setsuna?
She and I have the same blood
running through our veins.
Does that mean she would lose
her powers the same way I did?
‐ Since Lady Setsuna
is also a half‐demon,
I'm afraid she, too,
would not be able to escape
from the laws of the New Moon.
‐ This isn't good, Moroha.
Where is Setsuna right now?
‐ Last I saw her, she was
chasing after Nikosen's head.
‐ Then she might be in danger.
There's no way
she can slay demons like this.
‐ Yes, indeed.
That's a safe assumption.
On the night of the New Moon,
half‐demons tend to lie low
to avoid encountering others
in their weakened state.
‐ I need to help her!
‐ Sorry!
‐ [groans]
‐ Just stay here, and rest.
Grandpa Myoga, when it comes
to running away and hiding,
I know that you're
second to none.
You already have a plan,
don't you?
‐ Come again?
‐ You know,
a way for Towa to stay safe
during the New Moon.
OK.
Hey! Can I get another one,
Grandpa Myoga?
‐ Hmm?
Boing!
R‐Rolling, rolling,
words on paper.
[groans]
Here it is, Lady Moroha.
Please imbue them
with spirit power.
‐ Alright.
I think I can handle that.
Now the barrier is good to go.
SETSUNA: What's going on?
‐ What is it, Setsuna?
‐ Something's not right.
I can't sense
Towa or Moroha's demon energy,
and I can't pick up
on their scents.
‐ But that's impossible,
isn't it?
‐ I don't know, but I need
to hurry up and find them.
MOROHA: Hey, Grandpa Myoga,
will this barrier be enough?
We're up against Nikosen,
after all.
‐ He may have
technically been a sage before,
but those who stray toward evil
shouldn't retain the ability
to sense through the wall
of spirit energy you've built.
‐ How peculiar.
They should have fallen
somewhere near here.
But since I can't find
their corpses,
I suspect
something's not right.
SETSUNA: Chief!
I can't find Towa
or Moroha anywhere.
‐ Usually,
I wouldn't worry too much
when we're talking about
those girls, but this time...
ROKUTA: Chief,
preparations are done.
NANASUKE: We can shoot anytime.
‐ It might be best for us
to wait a little while longer.
‐ No, please,
I think you should start now.
If anything happens
to those two,
I'll take care of it
immediately.
‐ I see. Alright then.
‐ Let's light it up!
‐ BOTH: Sir!
‐ Hmm? What is that?
‐ Fire!
‐ [groans] What?!
‐ KOHAKU: Again!
‐ [snarls]
Who the hell are they?
‐ When we reached the area,
sage venom was whirling around,
so we decided
setting the mountain ablaze
was the best way
to take care of it.
‐ Good idea.
‐ It's getting kind of hot.
Is it a forest fire?
‐ [murmurs]
‐ Towa?
‐ I have a feeling that Setsuna
and the demon slayers
met up and
are working together now.
‐ By the way,
sorry I knocked you out.
‐ I understand, really.
‐ You know, if you're right
and the demon slayers are here,
I have to admit
that they sure picked
an uncharacteristically
flashy way to slay a demon.
‐ Eh? I sensed them just now.
‐ Shit. The barrier's fading!
‐ It's alright, Moroha.
‐ Huh?
‐ I can't keep running and
hiding around like this forever.
I'm going
to go look for Setsuna.
‐ What are you talking about?
Even if you go out there,
you have no demon power.
You'll only end up
getting in the way.
‐ But I think Setsuna's going
through the same thing I am.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Going through
a night like this,
I'm sure that she's feeling
really scared right now.
‐ I think you might
just be wrong about that.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I mean,
Setsuna has been managing
all by herself in this era
just fine so far,
so it's no sweat.
‐ That isn't true.
It doesn't matter
what era you live in.
The way that a girl feels
is always the same.
‐ "The way a girl feels"?
Never thought I would hear
something like that
come out of your mouth.
‐ Huh? Really?
‐ [rumbling]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ So this is
where you've been hiding.
[both gasp]
‐ Towa, stay back.
I've been waiting
for you, Nikosen.
You're my key to collecting
endless bounties.
‐ Stop spouting
such ridiculous nonsense!
‐ [groans]
‐ [yells]
‐ [laughs]
Is that really all you've got?
[laughs]
[both gasp]
‐ [crackling]
‐ MOROHA: What is this?
‐ It's solidifying.
[gasping]
‐ [gasps] Towa?
There. That was definitely
Towa's voice just now.
Towa!
‐ Now I'll get these two
to Lord Konton.
Eh?
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [screams]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Are the two of you OK?
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Towa? Is that really you?
‐ Of course it's me.
Can't you tell?
‐ Well, it's just
that you look so different.
‐ Enough about me, Setsuna.
Are you OK?
‐ Uh, why?
‐ Because there's
no moon out tonight.
It's the New Moon.
‐ So what?
‐ Wait. You didn't turn
into a normal girl, too?
‐ What do you mean, "normal"?
‐ Hey, uh, do you think
that maybe the Dream Butterfly
having stolen
Setsu's dreams and memories
could be why the New Moon
doesn't have any effect on her?
‐ I see. The New Moon.
I was thinking Towa's condition
had been strange since evening,
but that explains everything.
‐ I'm really sorry, you guys.
I didn't mean to cause
the two of you so much trouble.
‐ [energy surges]
‐ Huh?
[dramatic music playing]
‐ What's that?
‐ It can't be!
MOROHA: That guy
is still alive?!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [yelps]
By swallowing you whole,
I'll get all the nutrients
of a young half‐demon.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
‐ My arm?
What just happened?
[both gasp]
[both wince]
[heroic music playing]
‐ That was close.
You aren't hurt, are you?
I'm back, as good as new.
BOTH: Towa!
‐ Alright. I think
it's time for some payback.
‐ [growling]
‐ [yells]
‐ [groans]
Impossible.
How could I be defeated...
by mere half‐demons?
[birds warbling]
‐ Unbelievable.
The head and body both gone,
poof, just like that!
Well, there goes my foolproof
plan for an endless bounty.
‐ [sighs] It never would
have worked anyway, you know.
‐ There's no way that Mr. Jyubei
wouldn't notice you
trying to pull
a fast one on him.
‐ Oh, yeah. I suppose
you're right about that.
Damn it all!
‐ So half‐demons have a phase
called the New Moon.
Huh. I see.
This is entertaining indeed.
What a wonderful performance.
[Japanese music playing]
KOHAKU: A demon has appeared
that attacks virtuous monks
and Shinto priests.
Hisui, go to Brother's place.
SETSUNA: So that's Monk Miroku.
HISUI: He wants
to attain divine power
through
one thousand‐day training,
Like it'll go that smoothly.
TOWA: It's Totetsu,
one of the Four Perils!
Will he eat anything
with that big mouth?!
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Delicious Feudal Monks."
TOTETSU: Now let's see
how good you taste.
[laughs] Thanks for the meal!
[laughs]